[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Ancient pyramids, the
marveled wonders of the world
that have mystified and
enchanted people of the modern
era since their discovery
found on almost every continent
on Earth.
These impressive structures
command a certain reverence.
Yet are these great works of
ancient civilizations purely
man-made creations, or
did these structures
require technology
not of this world?
The mystery of the
pyramids is one
that transcends time,
civilization, and culture.
>> 80,000 pyramids
in the world now.
>> So far we thought
of the pyramids
for the pharaoh's tombs or
there are places to do some
ceremonies.
This is so wrong.
>> What secrets to these
ancient structures hide?
Even with our current
understanding of human history,
the creation and purpose
of many ancient pyramids
is as elusive as it
is mind boggling.
>> It seems to be related
very much to do with the idea
of an ancient code to be found
within the Great Pyramid.
It's within the
geometry, not just of
the pyramid itself but its
relationship to the other
to make pyramids of
the Giza Plateau.
>> Nothing was
done accidentally.
It was all perfectly engineered.
>> All the pyramids that we're
rediscovering today around
the world, no one has addressed
what is the stitching element.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Egyptian great pyramid
of Giza is one of the most
recognized pyramids in the
world comprised of 2.3 million
individual stone blocks
amounting to 6.2 million tons.
Christopher Dunn, an
engineer with over 35 years
of experience, began researching
the Giza pyramids in 1977.
>> When you start looking at the
schematics of the Great Pyramid
and the unusual interior design,
it doesn't represent any kind
of structure or building where
people would spend any time
in at all.
And, of course, the
original tomb theory,
there were no mummies
found in the Great Pyramid,
no original mummies found in
any pyramid for that matter.
>> They were engineers.
They were scientists.
They had a lot of skill.
There's no way that it
was slaves dragging stones
on rollers.
>> Today, children are taught
in school it took the enslaved
builders 10 to 20
years to complete.
Yet to achieve this
timeline, one block
would have had to
have been placed
every one to two minutes.
On top of this monumental
achievement in construction,
the form and position
of the pyramid structure
is also an intriguing
marvel of the ancient world.
Contrary to popular
belief, the Great Pyramid
is not simply a
four-sided structure.
Experts suggest a closer
look at its unique shape
may provide some clues as to
the true power and relationship
to Earth's motion.
>> Many people don't know
this, but, in fact it's a not
a four-sided pyramid.
It has a slight
concavity on each side,
making it an
eight-sided pyramid.
Now the minute you
do this, it produces
another bizarre geometry.
It reduces numbers.
Numbers keep
popping out, numbers
that shouldn't be there.
Things like universal
constants that
has been known
for over 100 years
defy constants,
the golden ratio,
but we have now strange numbers
like the pyramid's number
coming up in the design.
>> If you take upon yourself the
project of building a pyramid
and aligning it to true
north, south, east, and west,
you wouldn't make
any error at all.
There is an error in
the Great Pyramid.
It's tiny.
It's 3/60ths of a single
degree of true north.
This is almost eerie
precision because the scale
of the monument is so huge.
This thing is 481 feet high.
It has a footprint of 13,
slightly more than 13, acres.
It weighs 6 million tons.
It consists of 2 and 1/2 million
individual blocks of stone.
You're taking that whole
gigantic mountain of stone,
and you are aligning it within
just 3/60ths of a single degree
of true north.
We're not talking about
magnetic north, which varies.
We're talking about
astronomical north,
the true north of this planet.
It's a very remarkable
thing, and that's
the north of this planet.
Once again the Great
Pyramid is speaking.
>> "Chariots of the Gods" author
Erich Von Daniken suggests that
this monumental task was only
made possible through the use
of advanced technologies given
to the Egyptians by visitors
from the stars.
>> The Great Pyramids is one
of the miracles of the world.
That's why all the
questions come up.
Who did it?
Why?
For what purpose exactly?
I, again, suggest they
did it for the gods.
And the gods, of course, were
visitors from outer space.
They taught our ancestors in
astronomy, in mathematics.
The pyramid was constructed
by a technology which Enoch
had from the extraterrestrials.
The planning, the
engineering planning,
came from the extraterrestrials.
Some of the tools came
from the extraterrestrials.
The dirty work was done
by us, by the humans.
>> Matias de Stefano, who
remembers his past lives with
clarity, has an alternate
point of view on the creation
of the pyramids and their
potential alien origin.
>> Pyramids are the ancient
technology not only from this
planet.
In many planets, we used
to build these structures
because it was a physical way
in which we could be connected
to the nine dimensions.
The pyramids were organized
and built by music, by sound.
These structures were built
all by vibration and frequency,
and there were beings
from Sirius helping
us to build these realities.
But there was no ships
to pull up the stones.
There were just
electromagnetical tools
with these magnets so they could
use the water with magnetism
to move the stones and
then to light it up
to the different levels by
always vibration of this tune
forks.
Pyramids around the world
are like a big network
of computers.
All the pyramids in
the world are aligned,
and what you will
find is that the Earth
is reflecting the portals of
Pleiades, Orion, and Sirius.
And the pyramids are
aligning themselves
so the energy of the sun always
can come inside the planet
and keep rolling within to
activate the whole machine.
>> Thanks to satellite imagery,
pyramidal structures continue
to be found all over the
world underground, in jungles,
under ice, and
even under oceans.
Though the Egyptian desert sands
are a commonly conjured image
when envisioning pyramids,
these resilient structures
have been discovered
on every continent
in every climate on Earth.
>> They're finding them in
Antarctica, all over Serbia,
but many, many, many different
countries now are coming up
with pyramids.
>> I spend a lot of time in the
jungles of Honduras, Guatemala,
El Salvador, Belize, and Mexico.
I've seen hundreds and
hundreds of pyramids,
250 pyramids in China.
Then you ask yourself, hey,
if the pyramids are not
only native to Mexico
but all over the planet
on all six continents,
what's their purpose?
All pyramids in
China, 250 of them,
are oriented to
the cosmic north.
The oldest, the biggest
Egyptian pyramids, north.
>> They do seem to have less
connection with each other.
If you look at where
they're positioned,
it does seem like this ancient
culture were very knowledgeable
of Earth energies and
working with Earth energies
all around the planet.
I think the fundamental purpose
for harmonizing the planet,
it allows you to relieve
stresses in the Earth
so that it would eliminate the
destruction of earthquakes.
>> In addition to harmonizing
the Earth's energy plates
and grid, Christopher Dunn
offered an additional theory
in his book "The
Giza Power Plant."
>> When we look at
the Great Pyramid,
especially using Chris Dunn's
Giza power plant hypothesis
on how we see it built like a
Faraday cage, we see granite,
sandstone, limestone.
It's a technology.
It's a power plant.
We see these acting like
transmitters for energy.
I believe they
were experimenting
with electromagnetic
energy and gravity
much how we're playing
around with harp now.
>> The frequencies are
generally harmonically coupled,
the whole series of pyramids.
Because it is using
harmonics and it's
working with Earth energies,
the people in the area
are going to be
affected by it, too,
because we resonate with
Earth frequencies, too.
>> If the Earth itself has
an energetic connection with
pyramids, is it possible that
humans too are resonating with
these structures?
What effect might
that have on us?
Dr. Semir Osmanagich has studied
pyramid science for over 30
years and is credited with
discovering the Bosnian
pyramids where he claims to
have witnessed their healing
properties firsthand.
Dr. Osmanagich
invited "Open Minds"
host Regina Meredith to
experience this for herself
deep within the
pyramid of the sun.
>> We've had so many people
telling us that they feel
so good.
They-- if they had asthma, once
they got out, asthma basically
they can breathe.
So let's see-- we measure the
concentration of negative ions.
In the first
underground chamber,
it is 43,000 negative--
>> No wonder we felt
so good in there.
>> It's 200 times healthier
than what we have here.
>> I have for a long while
argued that the central concept
of the pyramids of Egypt-- and I
think the case is true all over
the world--
was to do with
the transformation
of human consciousness.
Whatever else the
Great Pyramid is,
it is for sure an
instrument that works
upon the human consciousness.
>> Nothing in the distant
ancient world is ever one
thing.
It's multi-purpose,
multi-dimensional,
multifaceted.
Many, many things
went on because it's
a very sophisticated technology.
And so, yes, power
plant, yes, generate
energy, yes, stabilize the
planet, connect the Earth grid.
>> We simply need to be ready
for the new discoveries.
Only then, there is hope for us.
>> It is clear that pyramids
were of profound significance
to ancient civilizations.
Evidence suggests
these structures
served a variety of purposes
from power stations to portals.
By unlocking the
secrets of the pyramid,
we may open the door to a
universe of possibility.